1. Process
    - I did not have a clear vision of what I wanted for this project, which was a mistake. I wanted to throw everything I was hoping to try this semester but didn't get a chance to into this project so I just started with 1 thing (e.g. Spotify API) and then I would add the next thing (e.g. hand tracking) etc. etc. and I would just brainstorm with AI "how can I include this in my project" and then pick an option I liked.
2/3. AI Choices
    - I used Copilot and Cursor as my implementing AIs and then Gemini as my brainstorming AI. I used an agentic process since I had to be specific in order to integrate new ideas into this project without overriding previous work. I used Copilot through the Github website and Cursor through the app. I used Gemini just on the browser. 
4. Pre-113 Differences
    - I've used mediapipe before and in the past I would get the controls and the app as separate working demos with something really simple. For example in my last mediapipe project I used CS Academy's "Snake" as a tester for mediapipe where I just replaced all of the mouse presses / key presses with hand controls. I had separately the main code with mouse presses / key presses and then I would gradually replace my main code's mouse presses / key presses with the hand controls. I skipped the testing / demoing step here and directly implemented the project with hand controls on the first go. 
5. Next Steps
    - Dude this project sucks. It's incredibly simple for the time I spent on it because I spent so so so many hours debugging mediapipe. If I had more time I would go back to my pre-113 approach because that helps you know for sure whether your bug is in the controls or the main code. Afterwards there are a million more things I want to add. For example I would want to train it on my voice and to respond to my voice commands and I would also want to improve the song-specific screen visuals. 